Of course it's difficult.
How do you measure popularity of frameworks.
There are a lot of things you could have a look at.
He could look at Google Trends You could look at posts and questions on Stack Overflow an hour our things.
Now I decided to take the good herb statistics like stars and contra Buderus into account to measure
how popular the project.
All of these frameworks are open source projects.
So how popular the projects are.
I'll also have a look at who is backing the project.
So which company is standing behind each framework.
That of course also is important to get a feeling on how the future of this framework will look.
We'll have a look at what is being built with this framework and finally how does the job market look
like.
So let's start with get help.
Here is the angle or get half page.
And if we have a look at it but there are a lot of things we could dive into but we can see that we
have 23000 276 stars and 428 contributors.
So there are a lot of contributors working on that framework and a lot of people are liking it.
But let's now see how that is for viewed shares and react on The View Chaske get up page we can see
something very interesting.
We get to way more stars more than double the amount angler has.
Here we get fifty thousand seven hundred eighty seven stars at the point of time I'm recording this.
So WAY more stars.
However we get only 90 free contributions.
So which sense does this make.
Why is chess so much popular.
Is it bad or is it so much more hyped than anger.
What well may be hyped is the correct word but that is kind of negative too deep project itself is extremely
popular.
That is true but we see that not that many people are contributing to it.
So it's a smaller base of developers working on it.
I think it's certainly safe to say that Engler is more popular overall.
You can also check Google Trends to see the way more people are searching for Angle or tube or Ingela
for then for view chess but chess is liked by developers developers following open source projects.
So it might have a great future and it already is used a lot too.
Don't get me wrong but get all stars are in everything.
However we do see few chance certainly is liked by people.
How about react now if the wizard reacts.
Get her page here at Facebook react.
We see that more people are storing it than view chess.
Sixty four thousand seven hundred ninety and that we get a lot of contributions 984.
So if you were to only look at dead re-act would be our clear winner.
More stars more contribution.
So a very active community and a lot of people liking it and that kind of is also the theme of react.
It's developed by the community a lot whereas angler has its own team and community members and VTES
simply isn't that big it's pretty new too.
So again this is not the only thing we should look at but we can see that reactor's really popular here.
So let's compare these results.
Here are the numbers we just saw next to each other.
And again let me point this out.
This is not everything you should look at.
It's not like re-access the winner and then view chess as the next best and no one is liking angler.
It just shows how trending that is and that a lot of people which are involved in the open source community
seem to be very interested in these projects of course.
Again we also have to look at some other measures.
For example how often is the framework used in real projects.
Now I'd love to show you more here but it's not that easy to find out which page uses which frame work
and all that we have to keep in mind that a single or two and now four and the chairs are pretty new.
So we don't have that many web pages already using these.
I can tell you however that for England for example the NBA is building its league pass its season pass.
You can view any game online portal with Engler and I can tell you that Google is migrating pretty much
all of its services like add words or all the Abra services they have to angler which is a big thing.
So really a lot of big applications.
Switching to Engler for you I can also point you to an official blocked post by the creator of the future.
Yes and yes this is mostly one person so that's pretty amazing no big team.
And in this blog post which of course has to be read with care because it's the creator of view he mentions
which companies are using View.
And here we get some big companies Asian companies mostly as of now which are switching to you you can
see some here and I'm pretty sure we will see more companies using View in the future but we don't have
the same traction angler will soon have.
And as you will see in a second reaction has already has.
If you're searching for a site spelled with React J.S. you'll find this entry on the official re-act
wiki on get habbe which lists a lot of pages using a re-act chase.
Now this is ordered in random order but here you will see for example of course Facebook because Facebook
is the creator of re-act that they are using it on their page I guess is a pretty good proof of that
it works on big pages.
We also can see that Instagram also uses chairs and feel free to scroll through the list to see that
a lot of pages are using actually has to well to work.
Now again keep in mind angler two and four and Mujeres are pretty new.
If you were to include a or one into this you would see that a lot of pages are using annular or one
for example out of Google pages but also a lot of our pages and therefore Englert you or now for alls
is pretty likely to become popular in the future and that it will be used on a lot of pages.
So right now reaction is the winner here.
But again the Framus are pretty new.
And if we have a look at Anglo one to angler it doesn't look that bad.
Now who's backing these frameworks who's developing them for angler this is Google.
Oh that's not too bad.
I guess this tells us something about the future of this framework.
It's getting used by Google of course and we get a decent sized team working on it.
We've probably got some people who know what they're doing.
And overall I guess that's a strong reason to go with Angel or having Google in the back.
That's not too bad for you.
It's mostly one person.
This guy even you.
And he's done an amazing job.
Now he's not doing it alone.
There are other contributions as you saw.
But still it's no big company standing behind view chairs.
It's worth noting that even you worked at Google in the past though.
So certainly a talented guy and I guess he more proof that with VHS.
But the downside for you just might be that we don't have a big company standing behind it at least
not now it's gaining traction however however we saw some big Chinese companies ends on are working
with it and for example also legible APHC framework is strongly advocating view.
So it's getting traction.
It's just not there yet and it certainly doesn't have Google behind it for react.
Will they get Facebook all not too bad.
I guess so re-act an angler clear winners here have the biggest backers view has a strong community
talented guy working on it talented team.
Now I should say and it's gaining traction but doesn't have the same support Diablo to framework's have.
Now how does the job perspective look like there are a thousand ways of measuring the jobs which are
available for a frame work and I don't have a single source of truth here.
What it did do is I went to India dot com and did search for some keywords there to find out how many
jobs for a given framework were listed there.
Now as of the end of April for Engler two or four.
These were the search terms I used.
I have found 674 jobs which were kind of referring to that for future as for searching for view.
Jails or just view chairs.
I found one hundred and eighty three and four.
Yet searching for yakked dot chase or react.
J.S. I found more than three thousand jobs.
It's also worth mentioning that if I were to search for angler K-S or angler dot JSE which mostly refers
to angler one I found more than 12000 chops so angler very popular.
Again the difference to react to difference between angular Q4 and re-act probably related to the fact
that angler's is still pretty new view or as does have a nice number of chops but certainly there is
a big gap between the frameworks so that vantage could be that if you know chess you're filling in the
ish.
Not that many jobs but all is not the people who know huge areas.
On the other hand the pool of jobs is smaller.
Now we will see how that develops and I personally strongly believe that view chess has a great future
because the framework is just very nice.
Has some nice design decisions but as of now react is the winner.
And if you including a one angler doesn't look too bad.
And again angler probably due to the backing and the popular first part of it and the one also has a
bright future for view.
It's less clear but probably also not that bad.
So this is the popularity of the framework and the impression on how easy or tough it might be to get
a job.
And then again it's up to you to use that information.
Does it matter to you.
Do you believe that filling the view knish might be a big chance it might be.
Or is it important for you that you have a lot of jobs right now.
Well that strongly speaks for it.
So use that information to make your decision and use it to gather with all the ABA aspects.
We did have a look at.
Well speaking of that let's fill out the table so we had a look at some measures of popularity and the
job market for the framework's.
Let's now complete our big picture here.
How about Engler.
Well it's a plus.
However it's not super awesome right now but I'm sure we will see more jobs in the future and popularity
is going to get stronger.
It already is gaining a lot of traction and I'm sure it will surpass its very popular first part Anglo
one in the future.
Not there yet though.
Now how about you.
Well it's going to be an equal sign here for me and if the chopper is back that is super super important
to you and you need a big pool of jobs that might even a minus because that's the big disadvantage of
you.
It's very popular.
It's very trending and it's gaining a lot of traction more and more companies are using it.
But it doesn't have the same amount of backing and of jobs as the average two frameworks have.
So it might become better in the future.
And again I strongly believe that if you Chess has a big future but at the point of time really looking
at it right now Matt 2017 probably also early 2018 does might not be the place it should be.
How about react.
Well that's a clear plus lots of jobs.
Very popular certainly backed by a big company Facebook.
So that's looking great.
Daises the fold out table.
What's the final word 9:54.